

===== C:\Users\CasaT\Downloads\hopton .pdf (pdf) =====



===== C:\Users\CasaT\Downloads\sar hopton (docx_or_zip) =====
[UNREADABLE DOCX: file 'C:\Users\CasaT\Downloads\sar hopton' is not a Word file, content type is 'application/vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.sheet.main+xml']


===== C:\Users\CasaT\Downloads\INSURANCE FOR VAN [56].pdf (pdf) =====
[Page 1]
Ellenborough House
Wellington Street
Static Caravan Insurance Schedule
Cheltenham, GL50 1XZ
Telephone:01608 647605
This insurance policy is underwritten by AIG Europe Limited
Policy Holder Policy Information
Mrs Nicola Vaughan Static Holiday Caravan insurance
1 Forder Grove Policy No. : CETASLH/1267420
Birmingham Ref No. : 4347215
B14 5JN
Start Date : 01/06/2018
Renewal Date : 31/05/2019
Additional Policy Holders Effective Date :
Mr Vaughan (if the schedule is issued for mid term adjustment)
Caravan Information Net Premium : £187.85
IPT : £22.54
Make of Caravan : Regal Policy Fee : £0.00
Model : Symphony Total Premium : £210.39
Year of Manufacture : 2013
Length : 41 Basis of cover : New For Old
Width : 14
Plot Number : 31 Caravan Structure and Contents : £85,000.00
Insured Address
Bourne Leisure Ltd
Hopton Holiday Village Public Liability: £5million
Warren Road
Hopton, GREAT YARMOUTH, Norfolk
NR31 9BW
Extra Cover
Unspecified all risks cover : Excluded
Endorsement Description
Unoccupied
Homes
Defined as when the property is insufficiently furnished for normal occupation or furnished for normal
occupation but has not been lived in for more than 72 consecutive hours – at such times this policy does
not cover:
• Loss of or damage caused by theft from the Home unless involving forcible and violent entry to or exit
from the Home.
• Frost and water damage during the period 1st November to 31st March and the park is closed unless;
a) the water has been turned off at the mains and all equipment fully drained down, or
b) during the period the park remains open; the water is turned off at the mains stopcock, all taps left open
and plug holes left unobstructed, or a central heating system is used to maintain a minimum temperature
of 15°C within the home at all times.
Towergate Insurance is a trading name of Towergate Underwriting Group Limited Ellenborough House,
Wellington Street, Cheltenham, Gloucestershire GL50 1XZ. Registered in England No. 4043759 Authorised and
regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority Registered Office: Towergate Partnership, Towergate House Eclipse
Park, Sittingbourne Road, Maidstone, Kent ME14 3EN.
*4347215*
Your insurance is underwritten by AIG Europe Limited who is authorised by the Prudential Regulation
Authority (FRN 202628) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority.
AIG Europe Limited is a company registered in England & Wales (company number 01486260) with a registered
office at The AIG Building, 58 Fenchurch Street, London EC3M 4AB. This can be checked by visiting the FS
Register CETA ref: 4347215
Quote ID:1805230439294 Date template last modified: 16/02/2018


===== C:\Users\CasaT\Downloads\complaint to hopton  .docx (docx_or_zip) =====
HAVEN HOILDAY HOPTON VILAGE
08/09/2019
Tim Gibson   CEO HAVEN HOILDAYS.
Paul Flaum   GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER BOURNE LEISURE LTD.
Jane Bentall MANAGING DIRECTOR.
I will keep this first note short, I would like to give you the opportunity to firstly respond. from your response you will signal your intentions, I will then proceed with haste accordingly.
We decided to buy our first waggon at the above named park after careful consideration, as our son who was only just turned 18 had contracted cancer, we did look at a few parks, however, we thought on inspection yours was the best, our first season we didn’t get to use it much as we were up and down the hospital with our son and his treatments
Our first purchase was for £48.000 or there abouts, it was just great for the first few weeks, after living in the waggon we thought it was too small for our needs. So, we looked at an upgrade for the following season. We had only owned the first waggon for 8 months, so we paid off the full balance on our first waggon as we were told it would be best to move forward with the purchase of the next on , we were told its gets messy with all the paper work, as I thought I’m not short of a few bob we said ok .  .. Julia mills gave us £29,000 back for ours, but we felt tied in then and we had to make a choice lose nearly £20,000 k or upgrade.
Our 2nd upgrade if you can call it that £61,000 it was an older van , however it was a 3 bed so at least it gave us more room, we had a real nice pitch so we decided to stay in the same place 31 shorfield.
We were told make a list of snags and these would be sorted within 3 weeks so we went ahead with the purchase, we thought we would get the use out of the waggon this season, and as our son was through the worst of it was a great opportunity for us as a family.
We listed over 80 snags some were of course very small like changing a light bulb; however, a lot of the snags were of a size where the response from your team was it would take 6 weeks to complete.
We were told every other week that the waggon was fine, so myself and my wife would make the 4-hour journey, only to see things were not even carried out. There was a major leak on the boiler, as I’m a heating engineer, I carried out the repairs myself.
We ven brought our own light bulbs as your team still hadn’t changed the ones which didn’t work.
However, there was still over 60 odd snags that hadn’t been carried out, and this kept happening we were told it was complete only to find out after the long journey things weren’t done.
I then decided to complain as we were getting messed around, the sole purpose of the purchase was for our son, for him to see and feel the clean air of the coast. But yet again he had to miss that season.
Every time we came to the waggon it was a mess, and as our son was still very ill we decided to stay away for that season until the snags were completed, as the waggon was not fit for purpose, I kept in touch with the team on the progress. Even though we paid our full site fees including bills which was over £7,000
With the complaint which I sent over to your complaint team I got no response at all.
At the start of this season as all the snags was still incomplete, we were offered a full re-fund, however we decided to give it another season, so in jan 2019 I gave Hopton holiday village just £4,000 and I said once all the snags our complete I would pay up the rest, which I thought was fare.
And to be fare even though we were getting letters every week from your head office saying if we didn’t pay in full our waggon would be removed from its pitch. Your Hopton team said to ignore them so we did.
Not until July 2019 when we popped down to the waggon one of your sales team said. Blimey your down they have removed your waggon aint they and I said no I hope not.
We then started getting emails from your site team requesting full payment or we will remove your waggon off its pitch.
As there were still snags in-complete why should we pay after we agreed once the snags were done it will be all sorted then, now we only owed £4,000 k it wasn’t as if it was a huge amount. To be honest just over a week’s salary for me.
We were then told to stay away from the park until our bill was cleared. Which we felt was very unfair, as the waggon was due a gas cert, I travelled down there with my wife we stayed the weekend, and john mills ( good lad ) asked me who told us to stay away, as I don’t like finger pointing I refrained from giving him the name, he said don’t listen to them however they need full payment on your bill, I said the snags our still to be completed, he said don’t worry about that I’m on the case.
Well going on our past experiences I was very reluctant to hand over the remainder, and I’m justified as the waggon still has snags on it to this day 08/09/2019 ,,,,now its been 2 seasons that my son can’t use the waggon.
Well this was causing arguments at home, as I suggested lets by a new one then we won’t have this trouble, my wife said, and my family said we will not use it as from the way we’ve all been treated by your team, as this was making a huge impact on my family my wife was taken very ill, and its not looking good. So we thought its best we move on.
When then stared getting emails from Julia and there it starts
Again justified, as I left £50.00 in the microwave for the gas man to put a cert on the waggon, only to find out yesterday 08/09/2019 when we went to clear site as we were told by Julia mills to remove all our items, and after we received a letter 3 weeks ago that they charged us £160.00 for a disconnection fee, to find out our waggon was still there and all services still connected,  but the £50.00 we left for the gas man had been stolen and there was no new ticket on the boiler, which is still not fixed right.
I didn’t have a leg to stand on with my wife and family as I would have won them round to staying. But that just killed it all off.
Not only is your service team thieves and disrespectful but your management team our the same. Being robbed by Julia  for the 2nd time was disgraceful we lost out £20,000 on our first trade in we then lost out on 2 seasons of site fees as the waggon was not fit for purpose. And for the sole reason we brought it was for our son he had only seen it twice in 3 seasons.
We told everygreen that we our finished with the site, there response was you don’t have to pay anything and we have a letter stating that, yet I said the waggon owes us £40,000 k they said well can you sell it privately, I suppose I could but where would I store the waggon, I was then told by Julia that I could not remove the waggon from site.
We our now in catch 22 what do we do. We have decking on there with your prices over £10,000 as well as the cost for the wagon, so it’s a full £70,000 or just over and we owne the decking but was told by Julia that we couldn’t remove it from site as it was the finace companies, I said we brought it over from the sale of our first waggon , but added the glass.
You do the maths we have been treated unfairly as well as been well ripped off
I have all the proof you need from the very first emails and complaints that I have sent.
You have totally shattered our expectations of owning a static waggon especially with haven.
And with your response as stated above, with all my evidence I have I will take to whoever will listen.
Just to let you know Julia mills is thought of very dislikeable across the whole of the park, once she gets her money she don’t care, she’s a disgrace to your company, and all members we have spoken too feel the same.
Your team at hopton needs a shake up and certainly Julia mills
We have now cleared site with our belongings and await your responses. Please can you let me know if I need to see my barrister.
The Vaughan family